Pre-requisite list update for AADJ SSO (#5840)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-aadj-sso-base.md

- Certificate Revocation List (CRL) Distribution Point (CDP)
- 2016 Domain Controllers
- Domain Controller certificate

> - VPN solution or network infra in place to reach your on-prem DC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VPN solution or network infrastructure in place to reach your on-premises domain controller
```

> - Network infrastructure in place to reach your on-premises domain controller. If machines are external, This can be achieved using any VPN solution

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the trouble, readability/syntax/grammar detail:
```suggestion
- Network infrastructure in place to reach your on-premises domain controller. If the machines are external, this can be achieved using any VPN solution.
```
